Enhance your NetObjects creative design with Professional Photography!


With images from the Leader in Royalty-Free Digital Stock Photography.



A Powerful Edge.
PhotoDisc award-winning photos give you a powerful edge for business and
personal creative communications. From Internet newsletters, web pages and
advertising, to Intranet presentations and more. Now you can get more
visible impact with PhotoDisc images. The enclosed Images from the
PhotoDisc collection of stock photographs is instantly available to you at
the touch of a finger--right from your NetObjects CD-ROM or discs. These
images will jump-start your imagination as you create professional
appearing designs. When you are ready for more images or need high
resolution images contact PhotoDisc on-line or over the phone.

We've Taken Care of Everything For You.
As the highest-rated producer of professional digital photography,
PhotoDisc has the keys to getting the image right, every time. Each of the
photographs is chosen from the portfolios of award-winning photographers,
carefully scanned with the highest quality scanning technology,
color-corrected and stored in full-color for dazzling impact.

Ready for More?
The PhotoDisc digital photography series currently features over one
hundred high-resolution Volumes on CD-ROM with a broad offering of subjects
and over 50,000 images available on-line. Approximately 4,000 new images
are released every quarter. PhotoDisc Volume subjects range from Business
to Italian Fine Art to American Retro images and Everyday Objects.

In a hurry? Look to our World Wide Web site for incredible image searching
tools and immediate single image purchase and downloading!

If you are Windows 95 user with MSN access click on this easy to use
shortcut to reach www.PhotoDisc.com.




Licensing

See Below For more information about PhotoDisc, please contact us directly.

Please call or fax for a FREE product catalog or for further assistance.

Within the US			1-800-528-3472
			Fax 	(206) 441-9379

Outside the US			(206) 441-9355
			Fax 	(206) 441-9379

From Europe: 			+ 44 (0) 181 332 2020
			Fax 	+ 44 (0) 181 1506 461 510

UK Free Phone			0800 697 622

on-line

http://www.photodisc.com
Internet: sales@photodisc.com or techsupport@photodisc.com
Support: webtech@photodisc.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------

No other source can provide you with images of such high quality and
breadth, royalty-free and
ready for immediate use.

PhotoDisc Inc.
2013 4th Avenue
Seattle, WA 98121
USA

PhotoDisc Europe Ltd.
The Old Workshop
Retreat Road
Richmond
Surrey TW9 1NN
United Kingdom

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PHOTODISC IMAGES

THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND PHOTODISC, INC ("PhotoDisc").  BY
ACCESSING THE PHOTODISC IMAGES FROM THIS DISK YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

GRANT OF LICENSE
PhotoDisc grants you a personal, nontransferable, nonexclusive right to
copy the PhotoDisc images on this disc onto your computer hard drive and to
use the PhotoDisc images and any derivatives or copies (collectively, the
"Images") on one computer and with one user at a time. The Images may be
(i) copied, modified and incorporated in materials for PERSONAL, INTERNAL
COMPANY and TEST or SAMPLE use, including COMPS (i.e., rough or draft
layouts for client review) and BROWSING, (ii) copied, modified and
incorporated in ADVERTISING and PROMOTIONAL MATERIALS, (iii) used in up to
10,000 copies, in the aggregate, of any MULTIMEDIA PRODUCT or products, in
any ON-LINE or other ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM and in BROADCASTS as
long as they are not used in FTP file form and the phrase "image Copyright
* 1996 PhotoDisc, Inc." appears on or immediately adjacent to the Images
used (or if the Images used appear in a size of less than 2" by 2" or in
broadcast form, such credit must appear in an obvious credits page or
screen). The Images may not be sold or sublicensed alone or, except as
provided above, as part of any product. Except as specifically provided
above, you may not copy this disc.  Pornographic, defamatory, libelous or
otherwise unlawful use of the Images is prohibited.

ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AVAILABLE
If you are unsure of your rights under this agreement or would like to use
an image on a product for resale, please contact PhotoDisc at 206-441-9355,
or at license@photodisc.com for more information.

WARRANTIES
PHOTODISC MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Some states do not permit the exclusion of implied
warranties, and you may have other rights which may vary from state to
state. NEITHER PHOTODISC NOR ITS LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
GENERAL,
SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE LICENSE OF THE IMAGES.

GENERAL
All rights to this disc and the Images are owned by PhotoDisc and its
licensors and are protected by United States copyright laws, international
treaty provisions and other applicable laws. PhotoDisc and its licensors
retain all rights not expressly granted by this agreement. This disc is
licensed only to you and may not be transferred without the prior written
consent of PhotoDisc. The license contained in this agreement will
terminate automatically without notice from PhotoDisc if you fail to comply
with any provision of this agreement. Upon termination, you must
immediately (i) stop using the disc and the Images, (ii) return the disc
and all copies of it to PhotoDisc, and (iii) delete the Images and all
copies from all magnetic media and destroy all other copies of the Images,
or upon request of PhotoDisc, return all such copies to PhotoDisc. Your use
of the Images must be in compliance with all applicable law, including but
not limited to laws and regulations relating to currency and the law of
moral rights. Use, duplication or disclosure of the disc and the Images by
the United States is subject to "Restricted Rights,"
as that term is defined in the Department of Defense Supplement to the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR"), and to paragraph 52.227-19(c)(2)
of the FAR.

http://www.photodisc.com



Copyright 1996 PhotoDisc, Inc.



